# joker_poker
Program designed to help me calcalute odds of certain poker hands in a game of my own design

Feb 7: It's proving to be more challenging than I thought. Every step forward is another back. My first instinct, knowing the difficulties ahead, was to give a lot of self. flags to minimize confusion. I went a bit overboard and ended up scrapping it, but I think I was onto something. Getting the project to work for a normal deck of cards was no real issue. But as I expanded the parameters to include special cards, it became more and more difficult. The is_hand functions wanted to count special cards as multiples of a card - for example, a card with multiple ranks (like 6 and 7) would be counted twice for hands like two pair, full house, and straight. This issue was briefly thought to be solved by creating a separate list for joker possibilities and comparing each item in the list to the other cards in hand...except that doesn't work if you have more than one joker in hand. My options now are to create some sort of complicated array to sort all the jokers into, or I could try back tracking and setting a bunch of self. flags, one for each rank and each suit, and see how that effects things. I still might get the same problem though. One problem that it would solve is counting jokers though; by storing multiple ranks or suits in tuples, the counters just aren't counting correctly. As I said, every step forward is another step back. Another option would be to always store every suit and rank combination in a dictionary. Maybe I can get sets involved because they don't allow multiples? I'm not really sure. I just know that the biggest problem right now is that jokers are counted as multiple cards, basically an "AND" type scenario, and I need them to be counted as "OR". The wild/flush cards never seem to be a problem, so that's nice. Anyways, I left the main.py in a state where you can at least see the odds of a normal deck of cards. Hopefully I can return to this project with a little clearer vision and a little more skill in the future and finish the job.